Add handwired LeChiffre Pi (#23613)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/handwired/philo_and_gunge/nyaaaah54_rp2040/readme.md

# nyaaaah54_rp2040

![nyaaaah54_rp2040](https://i.imgur.com/Kig3OeG.jpeg)

A handwired hotswap monoblock ergo. Made from salvaged & upcycled parts and materials from various junk drawers throughout my home and trash heaps in my back alleyway.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [jkaunert](https://github.com/jkaunert)
* Hardware Supported: Handwired, rp_2040W(support for LED, BLE in future revisions), Gateron hot-swap(because i had them in a drawer) or ![HSSv4.4 3D printed sockets](https://github.com/stingray127/handwirehotswap) which is preferred.
* Hardware Availability: [Build log coming soon](https://philoandgunge.com/handwired/builds/nyaaaah54_rp2040)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

>     make handwired/philoandgunge/nyaaaah54_rp2040:default
> 
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
> 
>     make handwired/philoandgunge/nyaaaah54_rp2040:default:flash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make handwired/philo_and_gunge/nyaaaah54_rp2040:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make handwired/philo_and_gunge/nyaaaah54_rp2040:default:flash
```
